Update RulesDescription.md (#443)
microsoft/axe-windows: docs/RulesDescription.md

LandmarkNoDuplicateBanner | A page must not have multiple elements with LocalizedLandmarkType "banner." | WCAG 1.3.1 InfoAndRelationships | Error
LandmarkNoDuplicateContentInfo | A page must not have multiple elements with LocalizedLandmarkType "contentinfo." | WCAG 1.3.1 InfoAndRelationships | Error
LandmarkOneMain | A page must have exactly one element with the LocalizedLandmarkType "main." | WCAG 1.3.1 InfoAndRelationships | Warning

> LocalizedLandmarkType ExcludesPrivateUnicodeCharacters | The LocalizedLandmarkType property must not contain any special characters. | WCAG 1.3.1 InfoAndRelationships | Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LocalizedLandmarkType ExcludesPrivateUnicodeCharacters | The LocalizedLandmarkType property must not contain any characters in the private Unicode range.. | WCAG 1.3.1 InfoAndRelationships | Error
```

> LocalizedLandmarkType ExcludesPrivateUnicodeCharacters | The LocalizedLandmarkType property must not contain any characters in the private Unicode range.. | WCAG 1.3.1 InfoAndRelationships | Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LocalizedLandmarkType ExcludesPrivateUnicodeCharacters | The LocalizedLandmarkType property must not contain any characters in the private Unicode range. | WCAG 1.3.1 InfoAndRelationships | Error
```
